Update docs to v2 (#278)
actions/setup-dotnet: docs/contributors.md

## Creating new version

Details on versioning can be found here: https://github.com/actions/toolkit/blob/main/docs/action-versioning.md

> Create a new release using the UI. Version format should be `v2.x.x`. Creating a new major version requires reaction from users and should be done only with breaking changes.
> Once the new release is created, the v2 tag needs to be updated as well.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create a new release using the UI. Version format should be `vX.Y.Z`. Creating a new major version requires reaction from users and should be done only with breaking changes.
Once the new release is created, the vX tag needs to be updated as well.
```

This is just an example, so might as well make it future-proof.

```

> git tag -fa v2 -m "Update v2 tag"
> git push origin v2 --force

Reviewer: ```suggestion
git tag -fa vX -m "Update vX tag"
git push origin vX --force
```
